README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4" width="100" height="100">
  </a>

  <h2 align="center">React Redux Dive</h2>

  <p align="center">
    A React Redux Dive project to explore the React Redux library.
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/yamisagi/yamisagi"><strong>About Me 💙»</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
     <strong>📫 How to reach me</strong> <a href="https://twitter.com/_yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="_yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
    <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  </p>
</div>

<br/>

## How To Run This Project 🚀

<br/>

- <strong>Clone the repo</strong>

  ```sh
  git clone
  ```

- <strong>Install NPM packages</strong>

  ```sh
  bun install
  ```

- <strong>Run the project</strong>

  ```sh
  bun run dev
  ```

- <strong>Open the project on your browser</strong>

  ```sh
  http://localhost:8080/
  ```

- ### <strong>Enjoy! 🎉</strong>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- add asset here later -->


In this project, I will be exploring the React Redux library. I will be using the React Redux library to build examples about how to use the Redux and pros and cons of using Redux.

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Project Setup
- [x] Implement folder structure
- [x] Implement Redux
- [x] Create NOTES.md



<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


## Learn More

To learn more about RS Build, take a look at the following resources:

- [RS Build Documentation](https://rsbuild.dev/guide/start/index) - learn about RS Build features and more tools.
- [RS Build Reacy](https://rsbuild.dev/guide/framework/react) - documentation about RS Build React features.
<br/>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
## Acknowledgments
* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
 -->

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: assets/product.gif

Commit message:

docs: Update Notes & README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4">
    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84624853?v=4" width="100" height="100">
  </a>

  <h2 align="center">React Redux Dive</h2>

  <p align="center">
    A React Redux Dive project to explore the React Redux library.
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/yamisagi/yamisagi"><strong>About Me 💙»</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
     <strong>📫 How to reach me</strong> <a href="https://twitter.com/_yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="_yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
    <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/yamisagi" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="yamisagi" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  </p>
</div>

<br/>

## How To Run This Project 🚀

<br/>

- <strong>Clone the repo</strong>

  ```sh
  git clone
  ```

- <strong>Install NPM packages</strong>

  ```sh
  bun install
  ```

- <strong>Run the project</strong>

  ```sh
  bun run dev
  ```

- <strong>Open the project on your browser</strong>

  ```sh
  http://localhost:8080/
  ```

- ### <strong>Enjoy! 🎉</strong>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- add asset here later -->


In this project, I will be exploring the React Redux library. I will be using the React Redux library to build examples about how to use the Redux and pros and cons of using Redux.

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Project Setup
- [x] Implement folder structure
- [x] Implement Redux
- [x] Create [ADVANCED.md](./ADVANCED.md)
- [x] Create [BASICS.md](./BASICS.md)
- [x] Implement React Redux
- [x] Implement Redux Toolkit
- [x] Create Slices for Redux Toolkit
- [x] Explaining the differences between Redux and Redux Toolkit
- [x] Update [ADVANCED.md](./ADVANCED.md)
- [x] Update [BASICS.md](./BASICS.md)
- [x] Implement store with Redux Toolkit
- [x] Add [LICENSE](./LICENSE)
- [x] Clean up code and add comments 🧹
- [x] Willing to add CONTRIBUTING.md 
- [x] Finish the project 🎉



<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


## Learn More

To learn more about RS Build, take a look at the following resources:

- [RS Build Documentation](https://rsbuild.dev/guide/start/index) - learn about RS Build features and more tools.
- [RS Build Reacy](https://rsbuild.dev/guide/framework/react) - documentation about RS Build React features.
<br/>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
## Acknowledgments
* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
 -->

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: assets/product.gif
